[Docs][MouseKeys] Document the effect of the acceleration key in default mode. (#26213)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/features/mouse_keys.md

* Setting `MOUSEKEY_TIME_TO_MAX` or `MOUSEKEY_WHEEL_TIME_TO_MAX` to `0` will disable acceleration for the cursor or scrolling respectively. This way you can make one of them constant while keeping the other accelerated, which is not possible in constant speed mode.
* Setting `MOUSEKEY_WHEEL_INTERVAL` too low will make scrolling too fast. Setting it too high will make scrolling too slow when the wheel key is held down.

> 
> `MS_ACL0`, `MS_ACL1` and `MS_ACL2` change the cursor and scroll speed to 1/4, 1/2, and the same as the maximum speed, respectively.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting `MOUSEKEY_WHEEL_INTERVAL` too low will make scrolling too fast. Setting it too high will make scrolling too slow when the wheel key is held down.
* `MS_ACL0`, `MS_ACL1` and `MS_ACL2` change the cursor and scroll speed to 1/4, 1/2, and the maximum speed, respectively.

```
This should look better as part of the tips list.
